---
id: 7
title: Day 5
date: 2005-07-28T02:54:00+00:00

layout: post
permalink: /2005/07/28/day-5/
tags:
  - 2005-marshfield-ma
---
Faith Workcampers love Wednesdays! Today was absolutely perfect! By this time in the week we are normally exhausted and that was certainly no exception this year. All campers had a productive morning at their work sites and it appears that everyone is on pace to finish their projects by Friday but the weather could certainly alter those plans. This afternoon we had free time to spend with our youth groups. Fortunately for us, John and Hallie Stewart have a summer home only 4 miles from the school we are staying at. Their home has been a part of John&#8217;s family for 3 generations and after spending one afternoon there, we are sure it will be a part of the Stewart family for quite some time. Their home is located right on the ocean. Unfortunately, the water was incredibly cold but that did not stop most of the workcampers. The Stewarts also have a boat they were kind enough to take us out on. What a great experience. I&#8217;ve never seen Larry shy away from the water but even he would not swim out to the boat because it was so cold. The afternoon was amazing and I hope the pictures can describe the great time we had today better that I can. The Stewarts were also kind enough to have a cook out so eating outside the cafeteria was quite a treat!

We returned to the school around 7 P.M. for the evening program and Variety Show. Once again, Justin brought the house down as he played his own composition on the piano. The audience was going wild at his conclusion and he really did steal the show.

Although 5 days ago an air mattress on a classroom floor did not sound all that appealing, right now there is no place I rather be. Tomorrow&#8217;s evening program is typically a very emotional experience so it will be interesting to see what the day brings. Keep the faith&#8230;