---
id: 16503
title: Day 1
date: 2005-07-24T02:47:00+00:00

layout: post
permalink: /2005/07/24/day-1/
tags:
  - 2005-marshfield-ma
---
Yo Faith! Today we began our journey to Marshfield, MA. We all met at the church bright and early for a morning send off service. We were excited to see the likes of Doug Boyd, the Gills, Melanie Kramer and her B/F, and the workcampers&#8217; families. It was great to have the supporters there to wish us well!

We finally got on the road around 8:30 and began our journey north. Our fist stop was Dorchester, MA to pick up Ali McCracken. We were strapped for time as our first sup rise stop was closing moments after arriving in Dorchester. We then ventured further north to Boston, MA to take a tour of historic Fenway Park, home of the 2004 World Series Champion Boston Red Sox. What a fabulous park and a great experience. Because it was not a game day, we were fortunate enough to go onto the field. The Green Monster looks just as intimidating in person as it does on TV, even though it is the smallest ballpark in the major leagues.

When our tour was over, we headed for our next stop, Salem, MA. We went to the Salem Witch Museum which was informative, but somewhat disappointing. We were hoping to hear more details on witches, and burning at the stake, but instead received a fairly extensive history lesson of what transpired in during the Salem Witch Trials of the 17th century. Following the tour, Stephanie Lillegard concocted a potion that made Tiffany disappear. Luckily we found her in the back of the cargo van and were able to head to our final destination for the day; Framingham, MA. Unfortunately, Tiffany is now a newt. This could making hammering difficult&#8230;

Framingham is where Justin Yen&#8217;s aunt and uncle live and they were gracious enough let us stay at their church. We are staying at a Taiwanese Christian Church which has been very similar to any other church we have stayed in the past. Unfortunately, we will not be able to stick around for the service tomorrow as we must get on the road for Marshfield because the service is entirely in Taiwanese. This year&#8217;s workcamp theme for workcamp relates to Galatians 5: 22-23 (fruit if the spirit) and painted on the wall in the youth group room are these exact versus. It&#8217;s amazing the signs we are constantly surrounded by, and even more amazing when we take the time to notice them.

Day one has come and gone and we&#8217;re down to 13 campers and a newt. Tomorrow we&#8217;ll leave bright and early to arrive at camp and hopefully claim a great spot on a classroom floor. It will be an event packed day as we will get to meet our work crews for the first time and find out what jobs we will be performing. As always, I hope I&#8217;m not painting&#8230; Keep the Faith&#8230;