---
title: Travel...
date: 2006-07-23T02:57:00+00:00
layout: post
thumbnail_path: 2012/06/DSCF0219.jpg
tags:
  - 2006-somerville-tn
---
We’re off! Workcamp 2006 is finally here and we have arrived at our first nights accommodations in Cookeville, TN. It’s seems like only yesterday we were sending these nightly updates from Marshfield, MA&#8230; At 7AM this morning, we gathered at Faith Pres. for our send off service. In the 15 years Faith has had a workcamp program, this send off service was far and away the best attended. Thanks to all of you who took the time early on a Saturday morning to wish us well on our journey. Knowing that we have the support of our Faith family certainly adds to this experience and begins to get us in the workcamp frame of mind.

Today’s theme&#8230;driving. The car rides were full of trivia games, movies, sleeping, and getting to know each other. It’s amazing how much you can learn about everyone when confined to a mini-van for 13 hours&#8230; Stops were few and far between as we have already traveled over 700 miles. Upon our arrival at First Presbyterian church in Cookeville, TN, we played our first game of silent football. Having eight new workcampers made tonight’s game very enjoyable but it was a veteran (Lynn) who ended up losing. She’ll spend tomorrow morning feeding us all breakfast in bed as punishment for losing tonight’s game.

Tomorrow morning we have a four hour drive to Somerville, TN for the start of camp. It will be a fun filled day of travel, check-in, acclimation, and meeting new people, including our work crews. Until then, God bless, and keep the Faith!